1/2 - South Pole: decides if Sokka goes with Katara (historical) or stays to defend the tribe
1/2 - South Pole (occupied): Decides if Zuko raids the village (chance to kill Sokka) or not.

3 - South Air temple: Gains a generic Airbending Master to the team or not.
3 - South Air temple (dead): Aang goes into the Avatar State (+Mastery over Avatar State)

4 - Kioshy island: Trains Sokka for a minor buff (historical) or rejects training sokka for no buff.
4 - Kioshy island (Occupied): Attacks the Village, Sokka gets a minor buff, small chance to kill Suki (historical) or not (Sokka trains a bigger buff)

5 - Omashu: The king is friendly towards Aang (Avatar gains influence, historical) or hostile towards him (Avatar looses influence)
5 - Omashu (Occupied): Kill Bumi (Weakens the White Lotus Rebelion, Gains Resistance) Imprision him (Gains Compliance)

6 - Full Moon bay: Team Avatar saves Haru and the prisoners for +influence (historical) or reject helping and lose influence.
6 - Full Moon bay (occupied) Imprisions Earthbenders (Economic boost, but Team Avatar will then release them for +influence) or not (no effect)

7/8 - Hebai: Ask Aang suceeds in handling the Spirit crisis for +influence and +spirituality, or reject him.
7/8 - Hebai (occupied): Burns the forest (+Building Slots, Causing Aang to handle the Spirit crisis for +influence and +spirituality) or don't burn (No effect).

9 - Han Tui: Katara steals the waterbending scroll buffing Katara and Aang's waterbending, or doesn't.
9 - Han Tui (occupied): Zuko returns the scroll to the Pirates (No buffs for Katara and Aang) or forces them to hunt for the Avatar (Low chance of killing a random member of the team, high chance of them escaping with the scroll)

10 - Gaipan: Potential to get Jet into Team Avatar (in case Sokka didn't join, or died) if not then potential gain influence from saving the village, or abandoning the city.
10 - Gaipan (occupied): Village complies with Sokka (+Influence for the Avatar) or doesn't listen to him (Gets destroyed by the flood, damage to all buildings)

11- Also Gaipan: Aang settle the meme issue, to gain influence, or not.
11 - Gaipan (occupied): Support one side (Remove Aang's opportunity to settle the issue, at a cost) don't meddle (Aang settles the issue for more influence)

12- Zaofu: Decides if Sokka goes fishing with the old man or not (If yes, it will increase the probabilty of Zuko switiching sides)
12- Zaofu (occupied): Decides if Zuko pursues or the avatar in the storm, or tends to his crew, (changing the probability of zuko switching sides).

13- Taku, decides if the Herbalist heals Katara and Sokka, if not, Aang loses a bit waterbending and there is a small chance either Sokka or Katara might die.
13- Taku (occupied): Decides to keep the herbalist (Trickleback bonus) or arrest her (Aang loses waterbending and a small chance of Sokka or Katara dying)

13- Shandong: decides if Zuko goes to free Aang, (increasing the chances of him switching sides) or Aang finds a way to escape without zuko (but won't gain skills for the duration of the imprisionment)
13- Shandong (occupied) decides to use the Yuyan (captures Yang, increasing Zuko's chance to switch sides) or doesn't use the Yuyan (Aang gets +Waterbending from healing Katara quicker)

13- Pohuai: decides if Aang is friendly or hostile towards Zuko after the escape (increases Zuko's chance to switch sides).
13- Pohuai (occupied): decides if the Yuyan aim for zuko or Aang, if Zuko, it increases the chances of him switching sides, if Aang, they would him, and prevent him from gaining any new skills for a few months.

14- Makapu: Gains influence and control over the avatar state for saving the village, or just ignore the village.
14- Makapu (oocupied): Evacuate the town (Costs political power and industry, but stops Aang from doing it himself)

15- Kangfao: Sokka chooses between his father or team Avatar, chance to lose Sokka untill the invasion. Chance to gain Bato as a team avatar member in case Sokka died before)
15- Kangfao (occupied): (Fire Nation has an opportunity to ambush and kill Bato before this happens, lowers the chance of success in the day of the black sun)

15- Hu Xin: June hunts team Avatar, the people of the Abbey can help or not.
15- Hu Xin (occupied): June decides if she hunts team Avatar, success chance depends on team avatar's strenght.

16- Nandao: Jeong Jeong decides to train Aang in Firebending (+Firebending) or refuse.
16- Nandao: Zhao attacks Aang (+Firebending skill) or doesn't (Aang +A lot of Firebending)

17- North Air Temple: Monks help Aang master spiritlity and the Avatar state.
17- North Air Temple (occupied): The Fire Nation employs the mechanist (gaining tech boosts, but innevitably leading to him siding with team Avatar in the black sun invasion)

17- Judashan: Decides if the Mechanist switches sides (tips the odds of the success of the black sun invasion)
17- Judashan (Occupied): Invade the Northern Air Temple (Tech boost on airships, at manpower and equipment cost) or let go of the Mechanist (nothing changes)

18- North Water tribe: Decides if Paku trains Karara, buffing katara
18 - North Water tribe (occupied): Decides if Paku is imprisioned (doesn't help Katara, causes resistance, lowers the White Lotus strenght) or allowed free (Gains compliance)

19-20- Also North Water Tribe: Kill Zuko (Zuko will never join team Avatar) or Spare Zuko (Increases chances of him flipping sides)
19-20- Also North Water Tribe (occupied): Attempt to murder Zuko if sucessfull he dies, if not increases change of him switching sides.

SEASON 2

1- Hebai: decides aang's control over the avatar state in Fong's base (spirituality boost)
1- Hebai (occupied): Pardon Zuko (He joins the Fire Nation) or try to trick him (Greatly influences his chance of switching sides)

2- Full Moon Bay: Decides if they take the caves or break the fire nation blockade.  Caves give a small buff of earthbending, the blockade will have a small chance of hurting Katara and debuffing her.
2- Full Moon Bay (occupied): Set blockade (Forces Aang into taking the caves, increasing his earthbending) or not (Nothing changes)

3- Omashu: Potential for Bumi to join team Avatar (locking Toph, and nerfing the White Lotus uprising) or if he teaches him about the jings (buffs earthbending)
3- Omashu (occupied): Allow the sick people to leave the city (nothing changes) or don't allow it (Starts Rebelion in Omashu, chance to injure Aang or kill a random member).

4- Swamp: Decides if the Swamp people are friendly or hostile (affects the odds of the black sun invasion)
4- Swamp (occupied): Azulas gets help from Ty Lee and Mai (increases her strenght) (or not)

5- Chin: Gain spirituality for talking to Kioshy or force your way out of trial (lose influence)
5- Chin (occupied): Send the rough Rhinos to crush the city (Aang will gain influence, chance to hurt him or kill a random member)

6- Gaoling: Decides if Toph joins the team, or someone else like the Boulder or the Ringmaster.
6- Gaoling (occupied): Decides to allow the ring to operate (buffs toph, gain compliance) or not (Weakens Toph, gain resistance)

7- Si Wong: Zuko's voyage effects makes him pitty or disdain the Earth Kingdom, changing the chances of him changing sides.
7- Si Wong (occupied): Violent occupation of cities or honourable (changes Zuko's chance to switch sides)

8- Tu Zin: Is Toph hostile or friendly to Iroh? (If friendly, they save Aang and increase Zuko's chance of turning good, if hostile Azula will injure a random member of team avatar)
8- Tu Zin: Who Azula strikes? (Whoever is hit, will be unable to contribute for Aang's training for 10 months, striking Iroh or Zuko will increase Zuko's chance of switching sides)

9- Yi: Is Toph dedicated or too impatient while trainning Aang? (Influences the amount of Earthbending Aang gets)
9- Yi (Occupied): Does Iroh teach ZUko lightningbending or not? (Influences Zuko's skill)

10- Si Wong: Sokka goes back to check the date of the eclipse (Unlocks Black Sun Invasion) or doesn't.
10- Si Wong (Occupied): Destroy the temple (Eliminates the Black Sun invasion)

11- Si Wong: Appa Captured (Toph saves Appa or the Lads, if she chooses Appa, there is a small chance the team might just die)
11- Si Wong (Occupied): Use Appa for the circus (Appa will be gone untill the crossroads of destiny) or deliver it to the Fire Nation (Appa will be gone untill the Black Sun Invasion)

12- West BSS: They help the pregnant couple and gain influence, or refuse.
12- West BSS (Occupied): Blockade the strait (Hurts the E.K in some way but Aang gains influence) or not (Nothing happens)

18- Haianong: Will the Kioshy Warriors help Appa or not? If not, big potential for Appa to die from his wounds.
18- Haianong (Occupied): Azula attacks the Kioshy Warriors or not? (If yes, the Boiling Rock event happens, if not, nothing happens)

13- South BSS: The Team will sucesfully destroy the drill and win influence, or lose and Aang gets wounded for 6 months.
13- South BSS (Occupied): Use the drill (gives Aang influence but damages the wall of Ba Sing Se) or not (no change).

14/15/16/17/18	Ba Sing Se: Iroh Zuko listens to Iroh and frees Appa or kills Appa (Massive influence on Zuko's side-switching)
14/15/16/17/18	Ba Sing Se (Occupied): Azula infiltrates the Dai-Li or doesn't (Will lead to crossroads of destiny)

19: East Air Temple (alive): With the help of Mother Superior, Aang blocks or unlocks the 7th chakra, which greatly affects Avatar state control.
19:	East Air Temple (dead): With the help of Guru Pathik Aang, blocks or unlocks the 7th chakra, which greatly affects Avatar state control.

19: Chameleon Bay: Sokka convinces the Water tribes to join the invasion, (changing the odds of the success of the invasion) 
19:	Chameleon Bay (Occupied): Toph is captured, use a metal cage (She learns metalbending, becoming stronger) or wooden jail (She finds a way to escape without metalbending)

20: Ba Sing Se: Iroh support's Zuko's choice or betrays the Fire Nation (If Iroh aproves, it will drastically reduce Zuko's chance of switching sides, if Iroh opposes it will increase Zuko's chance of switiching sides)
20:	Ba Sing Se (Occupied): Zuko joins Azula or Iroh (Zuko and Iroh will join team Avatar or Zuko returns to the fire Nation and Iroh is imprisioned)
	
SEASON 3

1- The Islands: Decides if Aang will remain hidden (Will increase the chances of a sucesfull invasion) or declare himself alive (Will gain influence and force Zuko into exile)
1- The Islands (Occupied): Water Tribes capture a Fire Nation Ship, issue orders of inspection on all ships or don't mind the issue (chance of wounding a random member of team avatar)

2- Fire Nation: Decides they send Combustion man after Aang

3- Fire Nation: Attack the village after the Factory is destroyed, (small chance of wounding Aang for 2 months, high chance of Aang gaining spiritual boost)

4- South Water Tribe: Sokka goes for Piandao's help (massive boost on Sokka's skill)
5- South Water tribe (Occupied): Arrest Piandao for teaching foreigners (lowers the strength of the uprising in BSS)

5/6/7: Fire Nation: How does Ozai deal with Zuko (Apologise and embrace him as a son: -Lowers chance of switching sides, Scorn and resent him: +Increases chance of switching sides, Send him on a forced vacation: Increases chance of Ty Lee and Mai to betray Azula)

8- South Water Tribe or North Water Tribe: Decides if Hamma teaches Katara bloodbending (boosts Katara)
8- Water Tribes (Occupied): Decides if Katara embraces or rejects Bloodbending (boosts Katara)

Event: The Black Sun invasion
Success: continue as usual.
Failure: Aang wounded for 2 months, some non-essential member is killed.

Event: The Eclipse
Zuko makes his decision: Betray the Fire Nation or fully embrace the Fire Nation. (If Zuko does not know lightningbending, he might get killed by Ozai)

10/11: West Air Temple: Sokka beats combustion man and gets his skills boosted, or Aang goes into avatar mode and gets avatar control

13 - Sun warriors: They choose to teach fire to Aang and buff Zuko, or reject them both.
13 - Sun warriors (Occupied): Kill the dragons (No buffs for Aang and Zuko) or not (no effect)

14/15- Fire Nation: Decides if Azula cuts the ropes or not. If she does (Small chance of killing Zuko, Sokka and Suki, High chance of getting betrayed and going insane)

16- South Water Tribe/ North Water Tribe/ Fire Nation (respectively): Katara kills Yon Rha, embracing bloodbending (Boosts Katara) or spares him (no change)

Event: The Lion Turtle: If Spiritual Balance is under 50%, the Lion Turtle will teach Aang spiritbending (Maxing his spiritualtity)

17- Wulong: Team avatar helps Aang fighting Ozai (Massive boost to Aang's strength) or tries to destroy the airships (Twarths the Scorching of the E.K regardless of the outcome of the Battle)
17-	Wulong (Occupied): Ozai engages Aang 1v1 (Begins the battle of Wulong) Ozai's guards attempt to help him (Twarths the Scorching of the E.K regardless of the outcome of the Battle, small boost to Ozai)

Event: Wulong Battle: Aang vs Ozai (Aang's strenght vs Ozai's strenght)
Event: Last Agni Kai: Zuko + Katara vs Azula (Their combined strenght vs Azula's)
Event: White Lotus rebelion, if Ba Sing Se is occupied, it will suffer an Uprising and its strenght determined by the White Lotu's strenght.